azurerm_postgresql_server: deprecate sku in favour of sku_name (#5376)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/guides/2.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown

The deprecated `network_interface_ids` field will be removed.

### Resource: `azurerm_postgresql_server`

> The deprecated `sku` block has been simplified and replaced by the `sku_name` property and will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated `sku` block has been replaced by the `sku_name` field and will be removed.

The `sku_name` field will become Required.
```
